First step to remove legacy (#153)
threshold-network/solidity-contracts: docs/rfc-1-staking-contract.adoc

network throughput without compromising the security of the owners’ stake.

This proposal aims at implementing a minimum viable staking contract version
allowing to support native T delegations in all applications developed against 

> this staking contract version. It means that stakers will be able to participate 
> in all applications developed against this staking contract version on equal rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this staking contract version.
```
This line was relevant in the context of different types of stakers (legacy vs native), but it can be removed now.

chosen for work in the application but is only effective for future checks of the
authorized amount.

> Stakers can only top-up their stakes with a liquid T.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stakes can only be topped-up with liquid T.
```

Author: ✔️

> Anyone can execute a stake top-up for a staking provider using a liquid T.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone can execute a stake top-up for a staking provider using liquid T.  
```

stake for that provider or if amount is higher than the cached legacy stake
amount. If succeeded, the legacy NU stake can be partially or fully undelegated
on the legacy staking contract. This function allows to unstake from NU staking 

> contract while sill being able to operate in T network and earning rewards based

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contract while still being able to operate in T network and earning rewards based
```

Author: ✔️

and 30 T worth of NU all staked, and the maximum application authorization is
40 T, then `getMinStaked` for that staking provider returns:

> * 0 T if KEEP stake type specified i.e. min = 40 T max - (10 T) = 30 T
> * 10 T if NU stake type specified i.e. min = 40 T max - (10 T) = 30 T
> * 0 T if T stake type specified i.e. min = 40 T max = 40 T < 0 T

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it be:
```suggestion
* 30 T if KEEP stake type specified i.e. min = 40 T max - (10 T) = 30 T
* 30 T if NU stake type specified i.e. min = 40 T max - (10 T) = 30 T
* 40 T if T stake type specified i.e. min = 40 T max = 40 T
```
We should probably do the same change in the `getMinStaked`'s docstring.

Author: ✔️
